Comprehension of this module 10 has come
to here and you have done great work
Muy bien y como ya sabemos en esta
técnica de Comprehension vas a escribir
your answers in the commentaries, please
Number one, Carson used to dream of
becoming a neurosurgeon and his hard work
eventually paid off.
Now, you must know that entering the
field of neurosurgery is known for being
an extremely rigorous process.
Now, my question is, what was Carson's
dream and how challenging is the process
to achieve it?
Number two, one of his most notable
achievements was performing the first
successful separation of conjoined twins
who were joined at the back of the head.
What is one of Ben Carson's most famous
medical achievements?
And number three, despite all these
challenges, despite all these challenges,
Dr. Ben Carson became renowned for his
skill and position during his career as a neurosurgeon.
And also, he looked after his patients
with great care, often putting off his
own comfort.
So, how did Ben Carson balance his
medical skill with patient care?
Alright, I look forward to your comments
in the section.
Let's go.